Psalm 57 to the chief musician set to do
Psalm 57 to the chief musician set to do not destroy a make Tam of David when he
not destroy a make Tam of David when he
not destroy a make Tam of David when he fled from soul into the cave
be merciful to me Oh God be merciful to
be merciful to me Oh God be merciful to me from my soul trusts in you and in the
me from my soul trusts in you and in the
me from my soul trusts in you and in the shadow of your wings I will make my
shadow of your wings I will make my
shadow of your wings I will make my refuge until these calamities have
refuge until these calamities have
refuge until these calamities have passed by I will cry out to God Most
passed by I will cry out to God Most
passed by I will cry out to God Most High to God who performs all things for
High to God who performs all things for
High to God who performs all things for me he shall send from heaven and save me
me he shall send from heaven and save me
me he shall send from heaven and save me he reproaches the one who would swallow
he reproaches the one who would swallow
he reproaches the one who would swallow me up God shall send forth his mercy and
me up God shall send forth his mercy and
me up God shall send forth his mercy and his truth my soul is among lions I lie
his truth my soul is among lions I lie
his truth my soul is among lions I lie among the sons of men who are set on
among the sons of men who are set on
among the sons of men who are set on fire whose teeth are Spears and arrows
fire whose teeth are Spears and arrows
fire whose teeth are Spears and arrows and their tongue a sharp sword be
and their tongue a sharp sword be
and their tongue a sharp sword be exalted O God above the heavens let your
exalted O God above the heavens let your
exalted O God above the heavens let your glory be above all the earth they have
glory be above all the earth they have
glory be above all the earth they have prepared a net for my steps my soul is
prepared a net for my steps my soul is
prepared a net for my steps my soul is bowed down they have dug a pit before me
bowed down they have dug a pit before me
bowed down they have dug a pit before me into the midst of it they themselves
into the midst of it they themselves
into the midst of it they themselves have fallen my heart is steadfast O God
have fallen my heart is steadfast O God
have fallen my heart is steadfast O God my heart is steadfast I will see and
my heart is steadfast I will see and
my heart is steadfast I will see and give praise awake my glory awake lute
give praise awake my glory awake lute
give praise awake my glory awake lute and harp I will awaken the dawn I will
and harp I will awaken the dawn I will
and harp I will awaken the dawn I will praise you O Lord among the peoples I
praise you O Lord among the peoples I
praise you O Lord among the peoples I will sing to you among the nations for
will sing to you among the nations for
will sing to you among the nations for your mercy reaches unto the heavens and
your mercy reaches unto the heavens and
your mercy reaches unto the heavens and your truth unto the clouds be exalted O
your truth unto the clouds be exalted O
your truth unto the clouds be exalted O God above the heavens let your glory be
God above the heavens let your glory be
God above the heavens let your glory be above all the earth
above all the earth
above all the earth [Music]